Batch-audience-compute-clarification (#2534)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/personas/audiences/account-audiences.md

## Known limitations of account-level audiences

> - Unlike user-level audiences, which are [computed in real time](/docs/personas/audiences#realtime-compute-vs-batch), account-level audiences are computed on a batched basis. Segment computes account-level audiences roughly every hour, but it's important to note that compute times might fluctuate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unlike user-level audiences, which are [computed in real time](/docs/personas/audiences#realtime-compute-vs-batch), account-level audiences are computed on a batched basis. Segment computes account-level audiences roughly every hour, but it's important to note that compute times can fluctuate based on the load on the system.
```

Reviewer: @rchinn-segment I would also share the change with the reporter of the Jira ticket to make sure this captures their request and see if they have other suggestions. Usually I provide a screenshot of the change and ask the reporter if it's ok.

Author: @stayseesong Great suggestions, thanks!
